our music really stems from the deep
connection that our family home we draw
our inspiration and our energy from that
connection that is our family music the
style that you were listening to
you think of broad rock music in our
family you think of something that is a
culture we call it broader culture
because it incorporates more than just
music our families comprises between
writers and teachers a lot of teachers
in the family a lot of intellectuals
music and the culture is a family
culture deeply rooted in the sense of
family and what that really means you
know we share all these things together
especially at the core of that family
structure is the music everyone in our
music plays some sort of instrument
but it really is a family style because
no there aren't a lot of people in the
clinical stuff a lot of people period
but outside of the family playing it
with you might listen to other styles of
guitar and hear similarities but if you
listen really really close your hair
distinct differences in technical
technique by the arrangement arrangement
and just the style
the universe come out of music and I
believe that music is the creation the
universe isn't necessarily matter and
energy I believe its music and it's
converted into matter and energy I think
music is the creation and we all exist
inside of music and someone we're all
intricately a part of music
you